
Overview

    This tool will generate or edit a gEDA GSCHEM schematic from a
    Schematic Table, adding net connectors to component pins.

    The editing process is derived from the generation process,
    permitting the preservation of unique information.  

    This tool works in terms of net connectors attached to component
    pins.  Therefore in editing the tool will drop net connectors not
    described in the Schematic Table.


Schematic Table

    The process is driven by a CSV file named '<Schematic>.csv'.

    The CSV file starts with a Meta Data segment, followed by a Table
    Headline and then Table Data.

    Meta Data

	The following Meta Data fields may be inserted before the
	Table Headline.  Only the "Size" field is required.

	    Title
	    Author
	    Logo
	    Size

	These are rows inserted before the Table headline with these
	names in the first column and corresponding values in the
	second column of the CSV file.

	The "Logo" is a gEDA/GSCHEM symbol inserted to the right of
	the title near the right margin.  The value is the basic file
	name with dot "sym" extension, but not including any path
	information.

	The "Size" is a letter 'A' - 'Z' identifying an installed
	title block.

    Table Headline

        The column naming is generally as follows.

            Component,Pin,Type,Signal

        A Table Headline is required.  It is recognized as not Meta
        Data and before Table Data.

        Additional columns are ignored by this tool.

    Table Data

        The value of the Component column is a name.  This name is the
        symbol file name without the trailing dot "sym" filename
        extension.

	The value of the Pin column is a Pin Number from within the
	component (symbol).

	The value of the Type column is one of the following connector
	types.

	    in
	    out
	    io
	    clk
	    V<id>

        Where <id> is one of "cc", "dd", "ee", "ss" or related.
        Connector types match component pin types.

	When present, the Signal column value is employed as the NET
	Signal Name.  In most cases, the Signal column value is
	implied by the Type column value.


Invocation

        java -jar sch.jar -i schematic.csv -s schematic.sch

Installation

     Installed title blocks are found in

        {GEDA_HOME}/sym/titleblock/title-bordered-D.sym

     where GEDA_HOME is one of

        /usr/share/gEDA

     or
        /usr/local/share/gEDA 

     or identified by an environment variable named GEDA_HOME.
